[DOC] documentation for contains, suffix and wildcard new features. (#2936)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/docs/reference/Query_Syntax.md

4. Currently, there is no sorting or bias based on suffix popularity, but this is on the near-term roadmap.

## Infix/Suffix matching

> Since version v2.6.0, the dictionary can be used for infix (contains) or suffix queries by appending `*` to the token. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version v2.6.0, you can append `*` to the token to use the dictionary for infix (contains) or suffix queries. For example:
```

```
*sun* *ing 
```

> These queries are CPU intensive as they require iteration over the the whole dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These queries are CPU intensive because they require iteration over the whole dictionary.
```

> Note: all notes about prefix searches apply to infix/suffix queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: all notes about prefix searches also apply to infix/suffix queries.
```

### Using a Suffix Trie

A suffix-trie maintains a list of terms which match the suffix. Adding a Suffix-Trie to a field by using `WITHSUFFIXTRIE` keyword, will assist in creating infix and suffix queries more efficiently as it eliminates the need to iterate over the whole dictionary. However, the iteration on the union does not change. 

> On suffix queries, the list of terms from the suffix term node will be use to create a union. On infix queries, the suffix terms is use as prefix on the trie, and all terms, from all matching nodes are used to create a union.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suffix queries create a union of the list of terms from the suffix term node. Infix queries use the suffix terms as prefixes to the trie and create a union of all terms from all matching nodes.
```

## Wildcard matching

Since version v2.6.0, the dictionary can be used for wildcard matching queries with 2 parameters.

* `?` - for any single character
* `*` - for any character repeating zero or more times

> An example for the syntax is `w'foo*bar?'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of the syntax is `w'foo*bar?'`.
```

> ### Using a Suffix Trie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using a suffix trie
```

A suffix-trie maintains a list of terms which match the suffix. Adding a Suffix-Trie to a field by using `WITHSUFFIXTRIE` keyword, will assist in creating wildcard matching queries more efficiently as it eliminates the need to iterate over the whole dictionary. However, the iteration on the union does not change. 

> With suffix trie, the wildcard pattern is broken into tokens at every `*` character. A heuristic is used to choose the token with the least terms and each terms is matched with the wildcard pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a suffix trie, the wildcard pattern is broken into tokens at every `*` character. A heuristic is used to choose the token with the least terms, and each term is matched with the wildcard pattern.
```
